It looks like a stone.
1.2
But it does not behave like a regular stone.
1.3
This is SilverStone — and this module makes you fluent in it.
2.1
SilverStone is our patented wellness stone.
2.2
We take porcelain clay, heat it to thirteen hundred degrees Celsius, and infuse it with silver and copper nano-particles.
2.3
That makes it anti-bacterial, non-porous, stain-proof, scratch-resistant, and impact-resistant.
2.4
It's one hundred percent food-grade — you can eat directly off it.
2.5
Stronger than granite.
2.6
More elegant than marble.
2.7
Engineered, not mined.
3.1
Present the seven safety pillars in this order, every time.
3.2
Stain safe.
3.3
Scratch safe.
3.4
High load bearing — drawers hold up to sixty kilos each.
3.5
Fire safe.
3.6
Water safe — in a thirty-day water test, wood swelled while the stone stayed unchanged.
3.7
Impact safe — a heavy ceramic jar dropped on it left it intact.
3.8
And more storage — up to sixty-two percent more than standard kitchens.
4.1
Granite is porous — it absorbs stains and bacteria and needs polishing.
4.2
Marble comes from mining and needs constant care.
4.3
Tiles trap dirt and fungus in their grout lines.
4.4
SilverStone is non-porous, antibacterial, uniform — with no grout lines at all.
5.1
And the big one — compressed wood.
5.2
The material costs under one hundred rupees a square foot and brings formaldehyde, termites, and moisture damage.
5.3
SilverStone material is around five hundred rupees a square foot — antibacterial, termite-proof, maintenance-free — at a similar finished kitchen price.
6.1
Know these cold.
6.2
The cabinet structure balances the stone's weight — no impact on flooring.
6.3
It won't warp, bend, or sag.
6.4
The hardware is patented, built in the same European facilities as Blum and Grass, carries over a hundred kilos, and is rust-resistant with a ten-year warranty.
6.5
And maintenance?
6.6
A damp cloth.
6.7
Nothing else, ever.
7.1
Your notes for this module.
7.2
One — porcelain clay, thirteen hundred degrees, silver and copper nano-particles.
7.3
Two — seven safety pillars, always in order; drawers hold sixty kilos; up to sixty-two percent more storage.
7.4
Three — non-porous and one hundred percent food-grade: you can eat directly off it.
7.5
Four — maintenance is a damp cloth.
7.6
No polishing, ever.
8.1
Stronger than granite, more elegant than marble, safer than wood.
8.2
Now prove it — take the quiz.